Docs update for includeFiles and excludeFiles options on netlify adapter (#10760)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/netlify.mdx

standard caching headers like `CDN-Cache-Control` or `Vary`.
Refer to the docs to learn about implementing e.g. time to live (TTL) or stale while revalidate (SWR) caching: https://docs.netlify.com/platform/caching

> ### Including files on SSR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Including or excluding files
```
The section is about both!

> When using Server-Side Rendering (SSR), you may need to include specific files in your Netlify Functions that aren't automatically bundled during deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to include specific files in your Netlify Functions for on-demand rendering that aren't automatically bundled during deployment.
```

> The `includeFiles` property allows you to explicitly specify which files should be bundled with your function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `includeFiles` property allows you to explicitly specify additional files that should be bundled with your function.
```
You don't specify *all the* files, just *additional* ones, right? I think this is more accurate!

```js title="astro.config.mjs" ins={8}

> import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
> import vercel from '@astrojs/vercel';
> 
> export default defineConfig({
>   // ...
>   output: 'server',
>   adapter: vercel({
>     includeFiles: ['./my-data.json'],
>   }),
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
import netlify from '@astrojs/netlify';

export default defineConfig({
  // ...
  output: 'server',
  adapter: netlify({
    includeFiles: ['./my-data.json'],
  }),
});
```
Should this be `netlify`?

```

You can also add the `excludeFiles` property to exclude any files from the bundling process that would otherwise be included.

```js title="astro.config.mjs" ins={8}

> import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
> import vercel from '@astrojs/vercel';
> 
> export default defineConfig({
>   // ...
>   output: 'server',
>   adapter: vercel({
>     excludeFiles: ['./src/some_big_file.jpg'],
>   }),
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
import netlify from '@astrojs/netlify';

export default defineConfig({
  // ...
  output: 'server',
  adapter: netlify({
    excludeFiles: ['./src/some_big_file.jpg'],
  }),
});
```
`netlify`?

standard caching headers like `CDN-Cache-Control` or `Vary`.
Refer to the docs to learn about implementing e.g. time to live (TTL) or stale while revalidate (SWR) caching: https://docs.netlify.com/platform/caching

> ### Including or excluding files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Including or excluding files from Netlify Functions
```

When deploying an Astro site with on-demand rendering to Netlify, the generated functions automatically trace and include server dependencies. However, you may need to customize which files are included in your Netlify Functions.

> #### Including additional files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `includeFiles`

<p>

**Type:**  `string[]`<br />
**Default:** `[]`<br />
<Since v="5.3.0" />
</p>
```
Let's at least start updating this page to our "new" normal API standards by including this API reference syntax, which also allows us to include an "Added in". (Make this accurate!)

The `includeFiles` property allows you to explicitly specify additional files that should be bundled with your function. This is useful for files that aren't automatically detected as dependencies, such as:
- Data files loaded using `fs` operations
- Configuration files
- Template files

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Provide an array of additional files to include with file paths relative to your project's [`root`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#root). Absolute paths may not work as expected.

```

```js title="astro.config.mjs" ins={8}
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
import netlify from '@astrojs/netlify';

export default defineConfig({
  // ...
  output: 'server',
  adapter: netlify({

>     includeFiles: ['./my-data.json'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    includeFiles: ['./my-data.json'], // relative to `root`
```

  }),
});
```

> #### Excluding files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `excludeFiles`

<p>

**Type:**  `string[]`<br />
**Default:** `[]`<br />
<Since v="5.3.0" />
</p>
```

You can use the `excludeFiles` property to prevent specific files from being bundled that would otherwise be included. This is helpful for:
- Reducing bundle size
- Excluding large binaries
- Preventing unwanted files from being deployed

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Provide an array of specific files to exclude with file paths relative to your project's [`root`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#root). Absolute paths may not work as expected.

```

```js title="astro.config.mjs" ins={8}
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
import netlify from '@astrojs/netlify';

export default defineConfig({
  // ...
  output: 'server',
  adapter: netlify({

>     excludeFiles: ['./src/some_big_file.jpg'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    excludeFiles: ['./src/some_big_file.jpg'], // relative to `root`
```

  }),
});
```

#### Using glob patterns

> Both `includeFiles` and `excludeFiles` support glob patterns for matching multiple files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `includeFiles` and `excludeFiles` support [glob patterns](/en/guides/imports/#glob-patterns) for matching multiple files:
```

```js title="astro.config.mjs" ins={8-9, 12-13}
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
import netlify from '@astrojs/netlify';

export default defineConfig({
  output: 'server',
  adapter: netlify({
    includeFiles: [
      './data/**/*.json',
      './config/?(dev|prod).yml'
    ],
    excludeFiles: [
      './node_modules/package/**/*',
      './src/**/*.test.js'
    ]
  }),
});
```

> 
> Remember that paths should be relative to your project root (start with `./`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Including or excluding files from Netlify Functions

When deploying an Astro site with on-demand rendering to Netlify, the generated functions automatically trace and include server dependencies. However, you may need to customize which files are included in your Netlify Functions.

#### `includeFiles`

<p>
**Type:**  `string[]`<br />
**Default:** `[]`<br />
<Since v="5.3.0" />
</p>

The `includeFiles` property allows you to explicitly specify additional files that should be bundled with your function. This is useful for files that aren't automatically detected as dependencies, such as:
- Data files loaded using `fs` operations
- Configuration files
- Template files

Provide an array of additional files to include with file paths relative to your project's [`root`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#root). Absolute paths may not work as expected.

```js title="astro.config.mjs" ins={8}
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
import netlify from '@astrojs/netlify';

export default defineConfig({
  // ...
  output: 'server',
  adapter: netlify({
    includeFiles: ['./my-data.json'], // relative to `root`
  }),
});
```

> Provide an array of specific files to exclude with file paths relative to your project's [`root`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#root). Absolute paths may not work as expected.
> 
> #### `excludeFiles`
> 
> <p>
> **Type:**  `string[]`<br />
> **Default:** `[]`<br />
> <Since v="5.3.0" />
> </p>
> 
> You can use the `excludeFiles` property to prevent specific files from being bundled that would otherwise be included. This is helpful for:
> - Reducing bundle size
> - Excluding large binaries
> - Preventing unwanted files from being deployed
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `excludeFiles`

<p>
**Type:**  `string[]`<br />
**Default:** `[]`<br />
<Since v="5.3.0" />
</p>

You can use the `excludeFiles` property to prevent specific files from being bundled that would otherwise be included. This is helpful for:
- Reducing bundle size
- Excluding large binaries
- Preventing unwanted files from being deployed

Provide an array of specific files to exclude with file paths relative to your project's [`root`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#root). Absolute paths may not work as expected.

```
This just ended up in the wrong place!
